PRIVACY POLICY

Your privacy is very important to the Center for Popular Democracy (CPD) and Make the Road New York (MRNY). This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that CPD and MRNY collects, and the ways in which CPD and MRNY uses that personal information.

Personal information collection

CPD and MRNY may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:

    information about your use of this website,

    information that you provide when registering on the website to receive emails from CPD and MRNY, or when sending letters to Corporate CEOs through the website

    information about transactions carried out over this website; and

    any other information that you send to CPD and MRNY via the website.


Using personal information

CPD and MRNY may use your personal information to:

    administer this website,

    personalize the website for you,

    enable your access to and use of the website services, including sending letters to the CEOs;

    send you products that you purchase;

    provide you services that you purchase;

    send you statements and invoices;

    collect payments from you; and

    send you marketing communications.


When CPD and MRNY disclose your personal information to their agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.

In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, CPD and MRNY may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.

Securing your data

CPD and MRNY will take all reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.

CPD and MRNY will securely store all the personal information you provide.

Cross-border data transfers

Information that CPD and MRNY collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which CPD and MRNY operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.

You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.

Updating this statement

CPD and MRNY may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.

You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.

Other websites

This website contains links to other websites.

CPD and MRNY are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.

Contact CPD and MRNY

If you have any questions about this privacy policy or CPD and MRNY's treatment of your personal information, please write:

    by email to cpd@populardemocracy.org; or

    by post to Center for Popular Democracy, 449 Troutman Street, Suite A, Brooklyn, NY 11237.